Pricing page update for the Free Plan (#4481)
timescale/docs: about/pricing-and-account-management.md

For easy upgrades, each $SERVICE_SHORT stores the $TIMESCALE_DB binaries. This contributes up to 900 MB to overall storage, which amounts to less than $.80/month in additional storage costs.
  
## Use $CLOUD_LONG for free

Are you just starting out with $CLOUD_LONG? On our Free pricing plan, you can create zero-cost $SERVICE_SHORTs with [limited  resources][plan-features].

Ready to try a more feature-rich paid plan? Request a 30-day free trial of our $PERFORMANCE or $SCALE plan with no credit card required. During your trial, if a $SERVICE_SHORT doesn’t receive any queries for 7 days, it is paused to conserve resources. Your data remains intact during the trial, and you can easily resume your $SERVICE_SHORT in $CONSOLE. After your trial ends, we may remove your data unless you’ve added a payment method.

After you have completed your 30-day trial period, choose the 
[$PRICING_PLAN][plan-features] that suits your business and engineering needs. When you upgrade from the free plan, you still have access to up to two zero-cost $SERVICE_SHORTs. 

> Once you become a paying user on a particular plan, we can enable some features in the higher $PRICING_PLANs so you can test them before upgrading. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to try out features in a higher $PRICING_PLAN before upgrading, once you become a paying user, we can enable some features in the higher plan so you can run your tests. 
```

   or egress. There are no per-query fees, nor additional costs to read or write data. It's all completely 
   transparent, easily understood, and up to you.
  

> ### Test $CLOUD_LONG for free

Reviewer 2: Change "Test" to "Use"

> Are you just starting out with $CLOUD_LONG? On our Free pricing plan, you can create $SERVICE_SHORTs with fixed limited CPU, memory, and storage resources, and run them at zero cost. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are you just starting out with $CLOUD_LONG? On our Free pricing plan, you can create up to two zero cost $SERVICE_SHORTs with shared compute and 750 MiB storage. 
```
We should be explicit here about the specs.  Maybe a variable for the amount of storage, so it can be easily changed if we need to

Author: It's specified in the table below - added a link there

Ready to try a more feature-rich paid plan? Request a 30-day free trial of our $PERFORMANCE or $SCALE plan with no credit card required. During your trial, if a $SERVICE_SHORT doesn’t receive any queries for 7 days, it is paused to conserve resources. Your data remains intact during the trial, and you can easily resume your $SERVICE_SHORT in $CONSOLE. After your trial ends, we may remove your data unless you’ve added a payment method.

After you have completed your 30-day trial period, choose the 

> [$PRICING_PLAN][plan-features] that suits your business and engineering needs. When you upgrade from the free plan, your free services remain free. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[$PRICING_PLAN][plan-features] that suits your business and engineering needs. When you upgrade from the free plan, you still have access to up to two zero cost services. 
```

(typically 80-100 TB uncompressed) data and is metered on your average GB consumption per hour. We can help you compress your data by up to 98% so you pay even less. <TieredStorageBilling />
For easy upgrades, each $SERVICE_SHORT stores the $TIMESCALE_DB binaries. This contributes up to 900 MB to overall storage, which amounts to less than $.80/month in additional storage costs.
  
## Use $CLOUD_LONG for free

> Are you just starting out with $CLOUD_LONG? On our Free pricing plan, you can create up to 2 zero-cost $SERVICE_SHORTs with [limited  resources][plan-features]. When a free $SERVICE_SHORT reaches the resource limit, it converts to the read-only state. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Are you just starting out with $CLOUD_LONG? On our Free pricing plan, you can create up to 2 zero-cost $SERVICE_SHORTs with [limited resources][plan-features]. When a free $SERVICE_SHORT reaches the resource limit, it converts to a read-only state. 
```

> Ready to try a more feature-rich paid plan? Request a 30-day free trial of our $PERFORMANCE or $SCALE plan with no credit card required. During your trial, if a $SERVICE_SHORT doesn’t receive any queries for 7 days, it is paused to conserve resources. Your data remains intact during the trial, and you can easily resume your $SERVICE_SHORT in $CONSOLE. After your trial ends, we may remove your data unless you’ve added a payment method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ready to try a more feature-rich paid plan? Activate a 30-day free trial of our $PERFORMANCE (no credit card required) or $SCALE plan. During your trial, if a $SERVICE_SHORT doesn’t receive any queries for 7 days, it is paused to conserve resources. Your data remains intact during the trial, and you can easily resume your $SERVICE_SHORT in $CONSOLE. After your trial ends, we may remove your data unless you’ve added a payment method.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe the bit about auto-pause should be separated into an info box?

After you have completed your 30-day trial period, choose the 
[$PRICING_PLAN][plan-features] that suits your business and engineering needs. And even when you upgrade from the Free pricing plan, you can still have up to 2 zero-cost $SERVICE_SHORTs—or convert the ones you already have into standard ones, to have more resources. 

> If you want to try out features in a higher $PRICING_PLAN before upgrading, once you become a paying user, we can enable some features in the higher plan so you can run your tests. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to try out features in a higher $PRICING_PLAN before upgrading, contact us. 
```

The available $PRICING_PLANs are:

* **Free**: for small non-production projects. 
* **$PERFORMANCE**: for cost-focused, smaller projects. No credit card required to start.
* **$SCALE**: for developers handling critical and demanding apps.
* **$ENTERPRISE**: for enterprises with mission-critical apps.

The features included in each [$PRICING_PLAN][pricing-plans] are:

| Feature                                                       | Free                | $PERFORMANCE                       | $SCALE                                         | $ENTERPRISE                                     |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| **Compute and storage**                                       |                     |                                    |                                                |                                                 |

> | Number of $SERVICE_SHORTs	                                    | Up to 2 free services | Up to 2 free and 4 paid services 	 | Up to 2 free and and unlimited paid services	  | Up to 2 free and and unlimited paid services    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Number of $SERVICE_SHORTs	                                    | Up to 2 free services | Up to 2 free and 4 standard services 	 | Up to 2 free and and unlimited standard services	  | Up to 2 free and and unlimited paid services    |
```

> | CPU limit per $SERVICE_SHORT                                  | 0.25 CPU	           | 	Up to 8 CPU	                      | Up to 32 CPU	                                  | Up to 64 CPU                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CPU limit per $SERVICE_SHORT                                  | Shared           | 	Up to 8 CPU	                      | Up to 32 CPU	                                  | Up to 64 CPU                                    |
```
We don't want to give out the compute specs for free services

> | Memory limit per $SERVICE_SHORT                               | 1 GB                | 	Up to 32 GB                       | 	Up to 128 GB                                  | 	Up to 256 GB                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Memory limit per $SERVICE_SHORT                               | Shared                | 	Up to 32 GB                       | 	Up to 128 GB                                  | 	Up to 256 GB                                   |
```
We don't want to give out the compute specs for free services

> | Storage limit per $SERVICE_SHORT	                             | 500 MB              | Up to 16 TB	                       | Up to 16 TB	                                   | Up to 64 TB                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Storage limit per $SERVICE_SHORT	                             | 750 MB              | Up to 16 TB	                       | Up to 16 TB	                                   | Up to 64 TB                                     |
```

<img class="main-content__illustration"
src="https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tiger-cloud-console/tiger-cloud-billing.png"

> alt="Adding a payment method in Tiger Cloud"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
alt="Adding a payment method in Tiger"/>
```
We are switching to calling "Tiger Cloud", just "Tiger" [Slack thread](https://iobeam.slack.com/archives/CAASU2MQV/p1759339048082289)

Author: done in a different pr. thanks!
